CIP 0053 (#42)
global-synchronizer-foundation/cips: cip-0053/cip-0053.md

## Deliverables for full SV Reward:

| Deliverable                     | Acceptance Criteria                                                    | Deadline   | Weight Earned |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ------------- |
| Join GSF as General Member      | • Complete onboarding with GSF<br>• Logo on GSF website<br>• Public announcement about joining GSF                           | + 60 Days  | 0             |

> | Staff Engineers on Splice Repo  | • AngelHack will deploy a dedicated team of experienced blockchain engineers to actively contribute to Canton’s open sourced repositories.<br>• On top of that, our core engineers would also work on planning and defining the technical roadmap to facilitate and onboard additional contributors effectively.<br>• First commit to repo completed by Deadline                                                                                                                    | + 30 Days  | 1             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Staff Engineers on Splice Repo  | • AngelHack will deploy a dedicated team of experienced blockchain engineers to actively contribute to the Splice open sourced repositories managed by the Linux Foundation Decentralized Trust (LFDT).<br>• On top of that, our core engineers would also work on planning and defining the technical roadmap to facilitate and onboard additional contributors effectively.<br>• First commit to repo completed by Deadline                                                                                                                    | + 30 Days  | 1             |
```

## CIP 0053

<pre>
  CIP: CIP 0053
  Title: AngelHack as a Weight 2.5 SV
  Author:  Eric W Saraniecki 
  Status: Proposed 
  Type: Governance 
  Created: 2025-03-24
  Approved: TBD
  License: CC0-1.0
</pre>

### Summary

* Add AngelHack as a Weight 2.5 SV
* AngelHack commits to
    * Staff a dedicated team to contribute to the Canton OSS repos
    * Incubate applications for the Canton Network
    * Drive developer ecosystem through proactive education and hackathons
    * Support Canton Network through its BD network
    * Be active in Network governance 
    * Join the GSF as a General Member 

> ## Executive Summary

Reviewer: Need write a Motivation section. Maybe we can re-write this as summary "here is the problem that AngelHack solves"?

AngelHack proposes to join the Canton Network as a Super Validator Node, leveraging our extensive global network of over 300,000 developers and a proven track record of incubating more than 200 startups and projects. 

Our commitment is threefold: first, to **drive active contribution to Canton’s open-sourced repository** with core engineers; second, to drive network utility by **building innovative applications** on top of Canton that generate substantial transactional activity; and lastly, to nurture and **expand Canton's developer ecosystem** by attracting and mentoring the next generation of blockchain engineers.

> ## Overview of AngelHack

Reviewer: This is the Rationale section: why AngelHack is the right solution for the problem we need solved.

* **Strategic Partnerships (Weight 0.5):** We plan to facilitate partnerships between **established enterprises, financial institutions**, regional and global **system integrators** and promising **blockchain startups**, using our community and network to drive real-world application deployments on Canton, thereby expanding its reach and utility.

### 3. Governance and Long-Term Collaboration

* **Active Governance Participation (Weight 0):** As a Super Validator Node, AngelHack will actively engage in Canton Network governance, participating in the Canton Improvement Proposal (CIP) process and helping shape the future of the network. Our commitment includes aligning with the Global Synchronizer Foundation’s principles and contributing to strategic decisions that support network growth. 

* **Sustainable Network Economics (Weight 0):** By operating as both a Validator and an active application developer, AngelHack will help sustain the network’s economic model, driving both Validator rewards and Featured Application rewards through consistent and innovative transaction generation.

> ### Proposed Changes

Reviewer: Move the proposed changes to "Specification" just below the Abstract

Author: move, thanks!
